If there's more than one way to do a job, and one of those ways will result in
disaster, then somebody will do it that way...

You can pick your friends and you can pick your nose, but you can't wipe your
friends under the couch...

Never hold your farts in. They travel up your spine, into your brain, and
that's where you get crappy ideas from...

Saying that Java is nice because it works on all OS's is like saying that
anal sex is nice because it works on all genders...

When you go in for a job interview, I think a good thing to ask is if they ever 
press charges...

It takes a big man to cry, but it takes a bigger man to laugh at that man...

Too bad you can't buy a voodoo globe so that you could make the earth spin
real fast and freak everybody out...

We tend to scoff at the beliefs of the ancients. But we can't scoff at them
personally, to their faces, and this is what annoys me...

If you ever fall off the Sears Tower, just go real limp, because maybe you'll
look like a dummy and people will try to catch you because, hey, free dummy...

I'd like to see a nude opera, because when they hit those high notes, I bet
you can really see it in those genitals...

Contrary to what most people say, the most dangerous animal in the world is
not the lion or the tiger or even the elephant. It's a shark riding on an
elephant's back, just trampling and eating everything they see...

If you ever catch on fire, try to avoid looking in a mirror, because I bet
that will really throw you into a panic...

The funny thing about a person driving off a cliff is that they probably have
their foot on the brake. Hey, why not try the emergency brake...

I can picture in my mind a world without war, a world without hate. And I
can picture us attacking that world, because they'd never expect it...

If you ever reach total enlightenment while you're drinking a beer, I bet it
makes beer shoot out your nose...

Always acknowledge a fault. This will throw those in authority off their
guard and give you an opportunity to commit more...

Be careful about reading health books. You may die of a misprint...

Get your facts first, and then you can distort them as much as you please...

Honesty is the best policy - when there is money in it...

Never trust a computer you can't throw out a window...

Computers make it easier to do a lot of things, but most of the things they
make it easier to do don't need to be done...

To err is human - and to blame it on a computer is even more so...

If builders built houses the way programmers built programs, the first
woodpecker to come along would destroy civilization...

We've all heard that a million monkeys banging on a million typewriters will
eventually reproduce the entire works of Shakespeare. Now, thanks to the
Internet, we know this is not true...

If debugging is the process of removing bugs, then programming must be the
process of putting them in...

Man is the best computer we can put aboard a spacecraft ... and the only one
that can be mass produced with unskilled labor...

Always be wary of the Software Engineer who carries a screwdriver...

If you ever drop your keys into a river of molten lava, let'em go, because,
man, they're gone...

If you go flying back through time and you see somebody else flying forward
into the future, it's probably best to avoid eye contact...

If you're a horse, and someone gets on you, and falls off, and then gets right
back on you, I think you should buck him off right away...

I wish a robot would get elected president. That way, when he came to town, we
could all take a shot at him and not feel too bad...

If you're a young Mafia gangster out on your first date, I bet it's real
embarrassing if someone tries to kill you...

If you go parachuting, and your parachute doesn't open, and your friends are
all watching you fall, I think a funny gag would be to pretend you were
swimming...

When you die, if you get a choice between going to regular heaven or pie
heaven, choose pie heaven. It might be a trick, but if it's not, mmmm, boy...

Whether they find a life there or not, I think Jupiter should be called an
enemy planet...

If you're robbing a bank and your pants fall down, I think it's okay to laugh
and to let the hostages laugh too, because, come on, life is funny...

I think the mistake a lot of us make is thinking the state-appointed shrink is
our friend...

You know, if the Vikings were alive today, I think they'd be really impressed
by the amount of glow-in-the-dark stuff we have...

Time is an illusion. Lunchtime doubly so...

Life, loathe it or ignore it, you can't like it...

In the beginning the universe was created. This made a lot of people very angry
and is widely considered as a bad move...

DON'T PANIC...

PANIC...

Looking up into the night sky is looking into infinity - distance is
incomprehensible and therefore meaningless...

There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the
Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced
by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which
states that this has already happened...

It is known that there are an infinite number of worlds, simply because there
is an infinite amount of space for them to be in. However, not every one of
them is inhabited. Therefore, there must be a finite number of inhabited worlds.
Any finite number divided by infinity is as near to nothing as makes no odds,
so the average population of all the planets in the Universe can be said to be
zero. From this it follows that the population of the whole Universe is also
zero, and that any people you may meet from time to time are merely the
products of a deranged imagination...

It is a well-known fact that those people who most want to rule people are,
ipso facto, those least suited to do it...

It is a mistake to think you can solve any major problems just with potatoes...

There is an art to flying, or rather a knack. The knack lies in learning how to
throw yourself at the ground and miss. Clearly, it is this second part, the
missing, that provides the difficulties...

One of the problems has to do with the speed of light and the difficulties
involved in trying to exceed it. You can't. Nothing travels faster than the
speed of light with the possible exception of bad news, which obeys its own
special laws...

The major difference between a thing that might go wrong and a thing that
cannot possibly go wrong is that when a thing that cannot possibly go wrong
goes wrong it usually turns out to be impossible to get at or repair...

The universe is a lot more complicated than you might think even if you start
from a position of thinking that its pretty damn complicated to begin with...

The last time anybody made a list of the top hundred character attributes of
New Yorkers, common sense snuck in at number 79...

A common mistake that people make when trying to design something completely
foolproof was to underestimate the ingenuity of complete fools...

Humans are not proud of their ancestors, and rarely invite them round to
dinner...

I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I have ended up where I
needed to be...

To summarize the summary of the summary: people are a problem...

Forty-two...

A towel is about the most massively useful thing an interstellar hitchhiker can
have...

If there's anything more important than my ego around, I want it caught and
shot now...

I have a million ideas. They all point to certain death...

Why should I want to make anything up? Life's bad enough as it is without
trying to invent any more of it...

I could calculate your chance of survival, but you won't like it...

I'd give you advice, but you wouldn't listen. No one ever does...

My doctor says that I have a malformed public-duty gland and a natural
deficiency in moral fiber, and that I am therefore excused from saving
Universes...

You're turning into a penguin. Stop it...
